Doc: Updating 5.7.3 release-notes (#6504)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/release-notes/5.x.x.md

| Deprecated key | New key in AVD 6.0 | Notes for AVD 6.0 |
| -------------- | ------------------ | ----------------- |
| `avd_data_validation_mode` | - | Validation is always required. |

> | `avd_eos_designs_debug` | `avd_debug` | Enable debug mode for AVD. In debug mode, the AVD temporary directory defined by `avd_tmp_dir` is not cleaned up at the end of each role. |

Reviewer: the key name `avd_debug` is replaced with `eos_designs_keep_tmp_files` in PR https://github.com/aristanetworks/avd/pull/6492 recently.

Reviewer 2: yeah... :) we changed our minds!

Reviewer 2: also avd_tmp_dir has changed to be `eos_designs_tmp_dir`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `avd_eos_designs_debug` | `eos_designs_keep_tmp_files ` | Prevents cleaning up the temporary files generated internally by AVD plugins stored in the temporary directory defined by `eos_designs_tmp_dir`. Allows for inspecting templated inputs, validated inputs and facts. |
```

Reviewer 2: @Vibhu-gslab can you also check for other mentions of `avd_tmp_dir` and replace them by `eos_designs_tmp_dir` and `eos_cli_config_gen_tmp_dir`?

Author: It was present at only one other place in release-notes, replaced it.

| Deprecated key | New key in AVD 6.0 | Notes for AVD 6.0 |
| -------------- | ------------------ | ----------------- |
| `avd_data_validation_mode` | - | Validation is always required. |

> | `avd_eos_designs_debug` | `eos_designs_keep_tmp_files` | Prevents cleaning up the temporary files generated internally by AVD plugins stored in the temporary directory defined by `eos_designs_tmp_dir`. Allows for inspecting templated inputs, validated inputs and facts. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `avd_eos_designs_debug` | `eos_designs_keep_tmp_files` | Prevents cleaning up the temporary files stored in the directory defined by `eos_designs_tmp_dir`. Allows for inspecting templated inputs, validated inputs and facts. |
```

| `avd_eos_designs_enforce_duplication_checks_across_all_models` | - | This is the builtin behavior. |

> | `avd_eos_designs_unset_facts` | - | `avd_switch_facts` are no longer set in Ansible. Can be read by setting `eos_designs_tmp_dir` and `eos_cli_config_gen_tmp_dir`. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `avd_eos_designs_unset_facts` | - | `avd_switch_facts` are no longer set in Ansible. The facts can be read from the tmp file by setting `eos_designs_keep_tmp_files: true`. |
```
